Chloe Lannert: Long time. No, see?
Chloe Lannert: This is one of my favorite pieces of content, because it we're just talking about how people
Chloe Lannert: and talk to people and how to find them and how to get in touch with them, and how the Texas network can support you.
Chloe Lannert: So they switch it.
Chloe Lannert: But this initially was put together by Brad Schnitzer, who
Chloe Lannert: we worked with Neil for a very long time.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So, Brad, a little context about him, he started off at techstars as what Chloe is now a program manager. So I hired him 5 years ago to help me. My 1st program.
Chloe Lannert: He, just as of yesterday started his 1st ever program is managing director. So I think he's the second ever program manager in the history of techstars to become an empty. So you know, I you know, ping and clean making over here.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, he's a great guy. I hope we'll figure out some way for you all to meet him during program, like, maybe we'll do some visits or something. We normally have him come in and give this talk but
Chloe Lannert: he's got his own people. So we're gonna run through some of the strategies. He's shared over the years and add some of our own spin on just how we can support you and expand your network
Chloe Lannert: right?
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: at a high level. We want to give you all an idea of how you can build a plan to leverage your time in San Francisco.
Chloe Lannert: so it's not just the mute. Your volume has to be off.
Chloe Lannert: Your volume has to be off as well. All good.
Chloe Lannert: Sorry.
Chloe Lannert: So across the board there are a lot of companies who come through techstores every year a bunch of different programs that we've seen bunch of programs that we haven't and there are a lot of resources available to you. And maybe 10%
Chloe Lannert: of companies get this right in terms of how to leverage the network most effectively and make the most of your time and techstars and your connections that you can make our goal with this session is to increase that percentage and make it more like, much easier for you guys to take advantage of everything we have to offer.
Chloe Lannert: So we have some really really incredible mentors who you'll gain access to very soon. Both through meeting them, at events. And we have some great people who will be workshops later on. Nominal people mentor madness. And we really wanna make sure you're equipped to make the most of these people make good impressions and take advantage of your time with them.
Chloe Lannert: So we'll also talk about the wider global network that we've been talking about and hinting at in the past sessions. So talking about the local people we have, and a wider group.
Chloe Lannert: So this is this is a Brad slide. We use the word network. But the
Chloe Lannert: ethos here still really stands. This is essentially just another way to say, give first, st really, really lean into providing value anywhere you can, and being supportive anywhere you can. And then the relationships become a lot more natural. They have more longevity, and ultimately it makes it really easy for people to want to help you if you're able to help them provide additional perspectives, whatever that may look like, make connections for people
Chloe Lannert: just setting the stage there, Sylvia, I don't know if you want to tell.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, yeah. Oh, perfect.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. I mean, I think we talked about this a little bit yesterday, right like sometimes, you know, networking, especially in Sf, and then really, if you have tech heavy industries or tech cities like can feel a little transactional. So I think there, you know, there's a lot of kind of stuff we're going to unpack in this workshop about how to make it not seem transactional right and how to build these meaningful relationships
Chloe Lannert: from day one and build your reputation in the industry. In addition to kind of skills to make people want to help you. But yeah, I think I think with the San Francisco network, it's what I touched upon yesterday. It's small. It's a really small ecosystem. Everyone knows everyone, you know. Word will get around about who you are, what you're doing your company things like that. So it's like extra important. I think, in the bay to.
Chloe Lannert: you know. Make sure that every connection counts, and like you're putting your best foot forward in front of anyone, because you don't know where you're going to see that person down the line like people always hop you don't know. Maybe you'll work with them. Maybe you'll hire them, you know. Maybe they'll be an investor later, like you don't know. So you know, I think that's just one thing in Sf, that differs from other cities like
Chloe Lannert: people move jobs all the time. Here and someone who you meet at a networking event, who you think could be like. I don't know. Just a product person, you know, tomorrow can work at like a fund that you want investment from, or vice versa. Right? So definitely like, make sure every every interaction counts, and we're gonna go through some more like tactical ways to do that here. But just kind of a overarching you know, thought in case you guys haven't spent a lot of time in San Francisco before.
Chloe Lannert: Absolutely. So at a high level, why building these soft skills matter? It's it's
Chloe Lannert: it helps you build real relationships at its core. You can find customers. You can save so many hours by finding super connectors who are able to introduce you to their networks, thinking about how much time and energy you put into researching different customer profiles, investor profiles. You have someone who can help you navigate those networks. It can be a game changer in terms of how your how you spend your time, and with startups time is money.
Chloe Lannert: The timing is is really really important with short runways as
Chloe Lannert: community that wants you to succeed, and, like an army of supporters, can also make a difference in terms of your personal morale, and like
Chloe Lannert: feeling supported in building your business. Resilience in building a business. Startups are so so hard. Having a group of cheerleaders. You might not think you need it now, but at some point you will need. People who are are here to help you, and having that on deck is is really really helpful.
Chloe Lannert: In terms of like building the soft skill. It's really easy for people to tune out like, if if you've been to Sf networking events. You're you're gonna go to some of them. Some can get really, really transactional in terms of like, Hi, what's your name? What are you doing? Scan my linkedin like there's some. There's some rough ones out there, so the more you can show up and distinguish yourself as someone who's looking to have a real conversation, and looking to connect and learn more about people the better it's going to be. I I'm sure I have like
Chloe Lannert: tons of people on Linkedin, where it was that kind of like, okay, just scan. And I know nothing about them.
Chloe Lannert: It's not a good vibe we're looking to to build something different over here. When I 1st moved to Sf. Fun fact, I moved from New York to San Francisco, and I was invited to a birthday party, and I had my Linkedin to get approved to this birthday party. It was like, No, I swear I swear it was like 6 Pm. On a Friday like this is not a professional thing. It was not like a venture event, and I was like, Oh, my God! Where am I? And that's obviously an extreme case, right?
Chloe Lannert: But I think you know what Chloe mentioned with the transactional pieces is really important, but also just to double click on this, like.
Chloe Lannert: I think, in the startup ecosystem, more than like other kind of more established professional networks like it is so much about like who you know. And that's how you're going to find some of your best hires, too. It's like people you just know people who are in your ecosystem like investors. You just, you know, you just bump into that. You know that you keep seeing that you have good relationships with like you build these like kind of quasi friendships. To be honest like, it's not just a professional relationship, it
Chloe Lannert: you can become really good friends with other people who work at startups that you know, larger, like AI companies who work at funds, who do all sorts of stuff in the ecosystem. So I'd approach it like that, really, to be kind of open to those relationships like Chloe said, and to know that your network is like extra important in the startup ecosystem, like way way, more than if you worked at like Jp. Morgan.
Chloe Lannert: I think it's a yeah, absolutely. And people could be so like, people contain multitudes. You know, you can meet someone who's in an industry which doesn't really make sense for your business. But one of my examples is, we have a mentor and mentor madness who's like in like consumer marketing
Chloe Lannert: whatever she she was in last time's mentor madness. And this gaming company was like, do I have to meet with her like really like this doesn't really make sense and they found out that her brother was at like Ea games, and she had a really intimate knowledge of the sales structures within gaming companies, and was able to be really, really insightful and helpful. So
Chloe Lannert: people can be surprising. It's it's not just who you are, but who you know, within this network that we're gonna have. So a lot of people like they may not have the right answers for your business. But they'll know someone who does able to make introductions. So really, even if someone isn't like perfectly relevant to your business, we want to leave a good taste in their mouth, so they're willing to leverage their network on your behalf.
Chloe Lannert: There are. Gonna be a couple asks throughout this.
Chloe Lannert: My 1st ask
Chloe Lannert: is something to think about over the next couple of days. Make a list of 3 introductions that would be absolutely game changing for your business.
Chloe Lannert: so it doesn't have to be individual names, it can be profiles. But like, what insights are you not getting
Chloe Lannert: that you you need like? What do you need to talk to someone in like this specific role at this type of org. And you would totally understand, like something completely new about go to market need more jobs interviews. Do you need to talk to a really specific industry person who's gonna teach you how to move through certain spaces like really focusing on the super high impact introductions. And then, we're gonna work with you to make a plan to figure out who that's gonna be and how we can get you in touch with those people over time.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. But thinking about who those people or archetypes are is going to help you move through mentor madness with an idea of like what value you're trying to get out of the network.
Chloe Lannert: Look at your goals goal setting packet and the primary goals that we've laid out together to inform who those people are gonna be. But
Chloe Lannert: I want to see those lists company projects hopefully by. I love that that's so good. That's so good. I want to add. One more thing is that I think in versus other cities that I've lived in or worked in like people in Sf, are like obsessed with back channel referencing. But like it's not like, Oh, do you have a reference you can introduce me to. It's literally like they'll ask people you're connected to, or they'll find someone who worked at that company, or like, you know, they'll find somebody who knows you in a way that like, you're not
Chloe Lannert: aware that they're like basically getting a reference for you. So every interaction does count in that sense.
Chloe Lannert: and yeah, you always want to kind of leave with a good and positive, you know. Impression.
Chloe Lannert: One question here. What would be the best or professional way of like appreciation of those efforts that are making into a platform. Let's, let's say.
Chloe Lannert: don't think it would be like, just like simple sending emails. But basically they want to be involved to some extent understanding the basics of the business, and like having some ideas, so they need to spend time. And
Chloe Lannert: how can it be like mutually beneficial for both sides. Of course, for us it's very important that's really appreciated, but I think they need to be also somehow appreciated by the end of the day, or I don't know if it's just like some.
Chloe Lannert: So like, if someone helps you out and wants involved, or some people they want to make some warm intro, and that's it. Or what should we do next? Actually, well, yesterday we introduced you to a really neat little tool, your investor update emails.
Chloe Lannert: Use that! Shout out Tab!
Chloe Lannert: It's a great way to for people who are involved in your business supporting your business. It's a perfect channel to shout people out like to a jury of their peers, of other people who are in the context of your business
Chloe Lannert: and those update emails. If they're going out to like. However many people, the list will grow as you move through program. But they know that it's all people who are connected to you, and they know that they're standing out from the group of people who are have been helping you that week that month, that quarter. So that's a really low lift way to to show some love more publicly, without like making a whole Linkedin post, or whatever whatever else you might do, and personal. Thank yous like, I am
Chloe Lannert: pretty religious about personal thank yous. Like every single person who shows up on the screen or on in this room. I'm writing like a personal like, I'm sitting down. And I'm writing them a thank you. Email like, it's not canned. It's not templated like, I really talk about like what parts I liked of their presentation like which questions were great, like, I really care about that. That's a meeting. But
Chloe Lannert: good, thank you emails. And really, well, people keep coming back.
Chloe Lannert: I'm not saying it's because that's largely because founders ask really good questions and they have good experiences on stage. But it's it's something I care about.
Chloe Lannert: But the the update emails feels like the the neatest way is that answering? Is that like what you're looking for. Can I touch on that for a second.
Chloe Lannert: and see if I can be helpful, too? I wonder if, like, you know, there's a certain degree of like empathy and awareness of who you're talking to like that, I think, is critical to tap into here like if you're talking to. I don't know someone who works in products right? And then you're asking them telling them. And they're like, Hey, my best friends, like an investor at this fund, let me intro you like. I think it's like you do a thank you. You can really shout them out on your on your newsletter or on your investor update. But like
Chloe Lannert: going a step further to be like, Hey, you know, do I know other people in products? Maybe they'd like to meet like you can even be directly. Ask ask them like, you know, I'm so grateful for the intro like I'll let you know what happens. In the meantime, love to, you know, grab a coffee and learn more about what you're working on, or let me know if there's anyone in product like and then be creative like I actually do have a friend who just started at open AI and the product team. And like, maybe that'd be interesting for you, given like your background
Chloe Lannert: like, be really thoughtful around their background. Because I think there's a way you could help everybody like without you knowing what it is like. Even everyone in this room. There's a way each of us could help each other.
Chloe Lannert: That's not super obvious. But if you like, dive into people's wants and needs and background and skill set like there's a way to help advance each other. So I think it's be really thoughtful about about that.
Chloe Lannert: And even little things like to show that people are top of mind like if you read an article and you're like, Oh, I think this person would find it interesting. Ping it over to them like Linkedin news, or whatever just like. Let people know that you occupy space, that they occupy space in your brain like it's such a nice little touch that takes 32 seconds and makes you more memorable, and makes people perceive you as having a better relationship.
Chloe Lannert: And can spark conversation if you want to like, grab a coffee after whatever that may be. So like, I'll give a personal example. Actually, like
Chloe Lannert: a lot of my role is connecting with investment like funds and other Vcs, and you know the purpose of hopefully, you know, building that relationship where it's strong and then introducing you guys, you know if it's a fit with the fund and the stage, but immediately it's not always like, I don't go to the meeting with a list of companies. I'm going to pitch them right like it's more an organic relationship. And sometimes there's like no company like I'll meet someone who does. I don't know something really like in cyber security, and for that, for whatever reason, I don't have
Chloe Lannert: a cyber company in my cohort that's raising, or that's a fit. But I I offer a lot of other things like I can offer ways to do research together like, learn more about this. I offer, you know, if I see a cool cyber conference. I'll send it to them if also like. I always offer to say, Well, if I see any other cool deals in the market that like we don't invest in, for whatever reason
Chloe Lannert: I'm happy to share those with you in cyber. Oh, by the way, I have a friend at this fund. Do you know them? They're in cyber like, you know. I feel like I could think of 15 ways to help this person and continually keep the relationship. So, but that's this very niche kind of specific thing. But I think in all of your roles and all your businesses there's ways to kind of adopt the same framework, and we like how you can help and build a relationship. But we have some more content around this, too. But yeah, at the core of it show that they're making an impact
Chloe Lannert: like if you're grateful for something, people did show them how it's playing out. If you really want to like double down on a thank you to a mentor, or whatever send your thank you. Email after. And then, like a couple of weeks later, tell them the results of
Chloe Lannert: what they gave you. So if you ran an experiment based on their suggestion, be like, Hey, we're 4 or 6 weeks out. And this is what we've been trying. And this is the results. Like, thanks again, that like later touch point where you're showing higher impact, like people
Chloe Lannert: super care super care. It really gets people excited to feel like they're they're making an impact on your business, especially when in the context of techstars, like everyone is here because they're excited about early stage startups and like want to be helpful. So if you show them that they're achieving that goal like they're excited about it
Chloe Lannert: cool?
Chloe Lannert: Can I add a quick thing here? So
Chloe Lannert: you all all have people in your life that you enjoy helping right? It's a joy to help them like you genuinely want to like support. Do something like I'll be with you. I'll help you out whatever I can do. And then there's probably other people in your life, maybe not in your life anymore that you're like.
Chloe Lannert: It's a bit of a drag kind of roll your eyes like oh, again, like, oh, I don't know if you have the energy to want to help. So that's the like
Chloe Lannert: subtle science here, which is, you want to be the kind of founder that people enjoy helping. So there are people who reach out and either have entitled Energy, or they're expecting something, or there's like some kind of you owe me, or like I deserve this.
Chloe Lannert: Those people aren't our type of people like I'm not good at helping them. I don't enjoy helping them. This group that we choose almost consistently has a general vibe of us wanting to help, and that hopefully will continue and carry forward. But you have to think to yourself, am I presenting myself in a way that demonstrates that kind of gratitude that I would expect if I were to help someone in the same way, and what more can I do to acknowledge and appreciate their help?
Chloe Lannert: Right? So one thing that makes it easy that the found, I think, about the founders that I love helping, and I'm like they never
Chloe Lannert: They never make me feel bad. If there's more I need to do to help them further. Right. They they'll follow up. They're super gracious, they're kind, they're communicative. They're forgiving. There's so many wonderful attributes that come with people like that. And I would love for all of you to both. Recognize how much that you already have and identify yours for growth.
Chloe Lannert: Because going into tomorrow and beyond like this is like your 1st impression could carry you so far, so just be mindful of each of you have, like your strengths and weaknesses with respect to how you do that work on that talk to us about it. Get our feedback and anything that you think you want coaching or support on. That's why we're in this program.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, are there particular document like where you you kind of recommend like, you know, being a little bit like.
Chloe Lannert: Hey, like, I only need to get my stuff done, too. I don't know how to like
Chloe Lannert: balance that like. I don't know if that ever happened like.
Chloe Lannert: get that off of another person where you're like, Hey, this person transactional, or this person is just like.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, yeah, there are. And and I love that question again. So let me think of a couple examples, or maybe more generally, I would say, like, there are people who are like pushy
Chloe Lannert: in a way that's like almost expecting like. I think I may have mentioned reference yesterday. There's folks that like like almost want, like a silver spoon.
Chloe Lannert: like the the equivalent analogy is like someone who, like hangs their mouth open, and they want to be fed like that's the energy of like that. We don't like that. What we like are people who will take
Chloe Lannert: manage into their own hands. You're asking and hoping for help from someone whether you did it or not. You're gonna keep moving forward
Chloe Lannert: right? So and then also, like, you never know what people are going through. Sometimes I'll hear from founders, and they'll say, Oh, they don't like that person doesn't like me. Never! Responded they. Ghost you like well, did they? Are you sure?
Chloe Lannert: And something else happened like it like, so what I usually recommend to founders is, if you end up not hearing from someone
Chloe Lannert: that said they would help.
Chloe Lannert: It's not necessarily a slight on you. It might be something else, so you may want to send them a note as like a final like. Hey, I you know you committed to helping me in this way. Something must have came up. I'm sorry that you know we're going to hear from you. Well, here's what I'm gonna do instead, but would love to reconnect if if you're open to it right? That's the kind of way you close out a ghosting. BC, make them feel bad, because maybe some of them are. But maybe they do suck.
Chloe Lannert: Maybe they said they would help you, and they're not right, and that that's not cool. But at least you have a ledger and documentation.
Chloe Lannert: So yeah, there's a lot of ways for you guys to just like, always get first.st Always assume good intent. And let them prove to you that they're not trustworthy, reliable.
Chloe Lannert: and just make them feel bad in a way that they won't take it against you.
Chloe Lannert: Right? Give them the option to feel bad if they want to feel bad, but give them also a way to kind of
Chloe Lannert: It's good level of guilt
Chloe Lannert: where they can come back from it and be like, Oh, it's been crazy at work like, let me like, review your deck for you, whatever like it you're you're making them feel a little guilty, but it's like inviting them to still help you out. Yeah. And I mean, honestly, a big part of
Chloe Lannert: networking is just realizing like, who's going to advocate for you, and who's not like pretty quickly like you got to figure that out asap. You can't think everyone's going to advocate for you because they're just not. They're not. Gonna they're just not going to vibe with you. They don't like your product. They they don't care whatever. And it's not just investors could be all sorts of people. So it's really important that you have that intuition. And like, you're really in tune with, like, okay, this person is really interested in what I'm saying.
Chloe Lannert: They're going to be my advocate, and I can like I believe, that I'll like they'll ride out for me like they'll help me, and like we'll be able to work together in some way. And then, you know, you have to kind of accept. A bunch of people are going to say Yeah, for sure. And then they don't. And
Chloe Lannert: you know it is what it is, and you just have to handle it like respectfully. Right like you said, and professionally and just kind of move on
Chloe Lannert: and just speak out.
Chloe Lannert: Assume the best
Chloe Lannert: that makes you come across nicer to assume that people are nice in front of you, and so it reflects better on you.
Chloe Lannert: They just don't count on it, and it's kind of
Chloe Lannert: it's as long as you're assuming the best, but not kind of
Chloe Lannert: account kind of counting on it. You're you're you're in the clear. You haven't wasted your time, and yeah, absolutely your your business always hinges on you
Chloe Lannert: like no one, no one else is going to be fundamentally make or break for your business. It won't be anyone else's fault.
Chloe Lannert: Let's go downhill.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, back to the slides. Goals of networking.
Chloe Lannert: So what's really important, especially in small towns like San Francisco is the snowball effect small initial connections can roll into much larger, higher impact. Network connections over time. So someone you meet at a happy hour might like their brother or their friend or their coworker might be the perfect customer for you like just treating everything as something small initially, that could roll into something really high impact.
Chloe Lannert: listening, especially in more formal mentor settings. And and in general, if if you're meeting new people and you're trying to like find ways to help them be supportive and understand how they can help you. Listening more than you talk.
Chloe Lannert: we
Chloe Lannert: do a lot of work to make sure you all feel prepared for mentor madness and ready going in, and are able to maximize the value you get out of them. But in the past. One of the biggest pieces of feedback we got that was negative from mentors in terms of like, the experience is founders who talk too much, and, like the mentor, wasn't able to get a word in edgewise. So
Chloe Lannert: just keeping that in mind, none of you have that that energy. It seems like you're all very open to additional perspectives. But sales like you want to hear what the customers trying to solve and what their 4 considerations are before you just start throwing features at them across the board. Listening is really really critical. Something to keep top of mind
Chloe Lannert: building and fostering real relationships over time like it could be as simple as asking how the kids are, whatever that may be, little personal connections. I always like to find out a hobby for all the mentors I'm connecting with and be like. Oh, have you been skiing this weekend like whatever little touch points that are kind of canned but like people do like it when you remember things about them. Yeah, can I add to that? That's so important like, that's such like sales? 101 is, you have to remember things about the people you're talking to like. I'm sure you all know this, but it's
Chloe Lannert: like it's small things like, oh, how was your trip to la this weekend? What did you get up to like, you know?
Chloe Lannert: Have you like these small things? People care because it goes back to what? What Chloe said around listening. Right? So even if that means like, you met somebody cool, and then you like literally wrote down in the notes app on your phone, or like on a notebook, or whatever like here, these 5 things that they said about themselves
Chloe Lannert: upcoming travel, personal things that you know, they mentioned. So you can stay relevant. Yeah, pickle bowl over. Yeah, like a personal Crm situation. That's so good. Yeah, yeah. Does anyone else have something like that or any other tricks. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: got the same. They're kind of like labeled by
Chloe Lannert: priority, something like some of them, I make sure to reach out like
Chloe Lannert: I remember something others are like, go to the other side.
Chloe Lannert: What I've done, based on my last chats with him.
Chloe Lannert: you know, senior, and objectively, there's nothing you can really do to help these people, because sometimes it's happened
Chloe Lannert: like I'll ask. But it's kind of funny, because, like
Chloe Lannert: sometimes I could be wrong, depending on who it is right sometimes when it gets to the point right in progress. But sometimes what makes some of us happy is like just seeing you win
Chloe Lannert: right? So you just let them know. Hey, that worked out. Thank you right. It's just like a gratitude thing. It doesn't have to be more than that, you don't have to actually be overly helpful. I'm like, I don't need anything from you. I just want to see you make, you know, so I'll in the hand and just keep me post right? Yeah, back to the progress updates.
Chloe Lannert: it's just showing impact. If it is like a mentor or type figure
Chloe Lannert: so important. You have to circle back with people if they helped you, and it worked out like you got a customer, you have to tell them, because if they find out any other way, I think it makes you look bad. I think you need to be really direct and say, Hey, thanks so much for that intro turns out they're a customer now, like, if the customer is okay with you sharing it like they're a customer now, and we're so excited to work together. I'm so grateful because if they find out through the other
Chloe Lannert: other way around, it just makes you look kind of careless. I think. Yeah, you know, that's definitely true for some people, I think there's some people who have that point of view and like feel that way, and will either let you know or like just be salty about it for their life. I'm not like that, and I like people who aren't like that like I won't hang it over you. If you don't like, I'll just help you, and I hope it works out and just keep it both like it's all good, and there are cool people like that that you might want to keep. That just won't judge you at all. But Sylvia's right. Most people do
Chloe Lannert: so keep it
Chloe Lannert: absolutely. Next up be vulnerable. We touched on this a little bit in small groups, but and and in the updates talk. But you need to. You need to share your challenges if you want help with them. Obviously, there are different settings and different images. You'll want to sort of project out at varying levels of like how public the conversation is. But within the textures network. The more you can bring people into your challenges, the more they'll be able to support you.
Chloe Lannert: Aligning yourself with high integrity. People is also really important because your network reflects back on you on some level. So
Chloe Lannert: making sure that the people you spend time with and focus on are just good people. I think Texters is a really good baseline for this, where everyone's pretty well vetted and just really dedicated towards founder success. But beyond that, like, you don't want to be making intros like to sort of shady people. It feels bad, and it.
Chloe Lannert: like the sort of transitive property totally applies here, where, if someone like introduces like a bad mentor who's like really salesy to me. I'm like, Okay, well, do I trust this person's judgment like, Are they just like throwing these interests out for no reason or like, I want to dig in and get more context as to why that happened. And it's like the blind trust of being like, oh, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, yeah, definitely use your judgment with everyone you meet for sure. But I will say, like overarching principle, like the best way to meet and find trustworthy people is to be a trustworthy person, which you guys all are. But to continue to embody that and demonstrate that and all your interactions and like, continue to kind of use those principles, and like for yourself, as you continue to meet more people, I think
Chloe Lannert: we'll also talk more about this during the alumni panel. But be part of the community lean in. The more you put in, the more you get out Baseline will.
Chloe Lannert: We'll stop talking about that part in in the next week or so. And then another huge thing. Make asks. People want to help you right now. You're the new class. There's a lot that you don't know, and a lot of people who really want to help you find out what your next challenge is, what who your next customer is, whatever that may be. Be really open with your challenges more than ever right now. And and be open to meeting people and and plugging people in
Chloe Lannert: cool.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. And I think there is.
Chloe Lannert: There's and we'll we'll talk about this more as we talk about fundraising. I think there is some value to like building connections early, as
Chloe Lannert: you think about fundraising, right? Like, you know, building those kind of soft relationships with investors. And you know, especially like if if they reach out which some of them will to you guys, you know now, you know, to to be open to meeting, for coffee, to be open to having these really kind of light discussions about your company. Prepare for it to be evaluative, but also prepare to say that you're not raising. If you're not raising.
Chloe Lannert: that's totally fine. We're not raising. But I'm happy to chat. I wouldn't put a lot of effort into this. This should literally not be your number. One goal should be like Number 12, you know, on your list. Number 22. I don't know. Very like not. Don't worry about them, because
Chloe Lannert: I wouldn't say it's a huge priority. But if you do get outreach, if you meet someone through a friend, if you meet someone organically, and it kind of just like worked out. I would definitely be open to conversation. Yeah. And
Chloe Lannert: on the topic of personal crms, if you like, if you have a friend who's raising from a fund that seems really right for you. Just make a note of that. You don't have to meet with them or do anything right now, but like keeping track of intro pathways, never hurts, and being able to circle back to like another founder that you met and be like, hey? So you raised from this person, how's your experience been with to be open to making an intro just having that on deck will make it a lot easier to triage once you finally are ready to raise
Chloe Lannert: definitely. Don't spend 20 HA week having coffee with investors if you're not raising absolutely not like absolutely not. It really is always time, because you just like raising is somewhat like a function of your traction, anyway. And like, that's your number one priority sales and traction.
Chloe Lannert: and, like the investors, will eventually find you. But what I'm saying is, be open to it. It's totally cool to build a connection. Early build some good, you know, 1st impressions and stuff. But it's not like priority. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: yeah. So regardless saving our time, not wasting it on investor calls. We're not raising what's the best way to do this. We get inbounds on Linkedin, and they ask, we need for coffee whatever it's not worth our time right now to really do that in most cases.
Chloe Lannert: So what's the best way to kind of keep that warm? Yeah. Yeah. So number one, I would say, evaluate. If this is like an investor who you would want to work with like are they within your thesis range? Whatever you know, if it's like a series a investor like No, right like, if it's a really cool pre-seat fund that you've been watching for some time and think that you know there could be alignment, you know. Maybe like, yeah, that's a maybe, I think. However, there is seriously nothing wrong with saying, Hey, thanks so much for the outreach
Chloe Lannert: love to tell you more about what we're building. We're really heads down right now. We're, you know, super swamped with product. With this, with that we got all this customers, whatever. But we're opening our raise in November, and, you know would love to connect. Then
Chloe Lannert: and I have been on the receiving end of a lot of these messages like in my last role especially, and I'm telling you it only makes you want to meet this founder more. I'm like, dang like they don't even want to meet me. They're so busy like, I'm great. What are you talking about? So like I'm like, they're too busy for a coffee chat with me like they must be building something insane like they must have like demand through the roof.
Chloe Lannert: and at the same time. I wouldn't take it badly if they met with me, anyway, you know. And it's like I appreciate, you know, being be like, Hey, we're super swamped. We're not fundraising, but I still would love, you know, would love to make the connection. That's fine, like it doesn't look bad, but it looks pretty good if you're like, I'm I'm very busy right now.
Chloe Lannert: But yeah, I definitely wouldn't take meetings with people who are not a fit, though like it's just not worth it. You should use that close sales. Yeah. Lean into the Fomo and depending on who they are and alignment, you can add them to update emails if you've got them going out to keep yourself top of mind. And again, like personal Crm, whatever that looks like, make notes of that. So you know, to reach out to them later down the line.
Chloe Lannert: Just don't lose track of people. It's really easy to to lose people in your inbox.
Chloe Lannert: But yeah, that's like the best stage to be in, like when when you're raising, you want a bunch of people who have already reached out to you
Chloe Lannert: one quick follow on. So let's say
Chloe Lannert: your dream investor reaches out to you. And I were raising. Is it better to create that promo, or do you just take a call? Because, dream investor, I would take the call. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Tier one. Investors for you. I'd take the call. Anything else I would tell them now
Chloe Lannert: that's what I'd say, I'd say. Take the call, but prepare. It's going to be a pitch like it's not just a catch up call. It's going to be a pitch. So you have to be ready. You have to have your story like what we talked about this morning. You gotta have the tight like whatever traction you have, you got to be ready to show to the best light possible, because they are going to immediately after their your call. They're going to log your company and like affinity, or whatever they use to track the companies. They're going to put their name next to it, and they're gonna write all their notes, and you know you want it to be good.
Chloe Lannert: And before you get on the call, make it clear that you're not raising like, make it clear the stage you're at where you're coming from. So they're not like, why do you get on this call? If you're not raising whatever they understand the timeline that you're looking at.
Chloe Lannert: Be free just to clarify you, said Tier one investors.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, we'll talk about it more tomorrow. Honestly, tier. One. Investors, in my opinion, are just your top choice investors, not it doesn't mean Sequoia. It means the people that you just want to meet because you feel like they're a fit with your fund. What you want. They have industry expertise. This partner is super cool. They came from a company that you really respect something like that. So you know, if it's like a real option for you. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: I'll check like the role matter, I guess. Like
Chloe Lannert: should always be responding to investors.
Chloe Lannert: You could CC. The CEO
Chloe Lannert: and the CEO should be taking the meeting. The CEO's 1 of the CEO's core roles is fundraising. That is the core role. And if it's outsourced to anybody else, and it looks really bad like anytime. I've taken a call with the founder, and it's not the CEO who's talking to me and someone else. It doesn't matter who it is, but if it's anyone but the CEO
Chloe Lannert: I'm like, oh, your CEO is too busy to talk to an investor really like you like it. It. That is your job as Ceos. It's 1 of like the 5 most important things you're going to do. So yeah. And roles are so blurred within startups, like one of the only points of clarity is like, CEO,
Chloe Lannert: yeah, CEO fundraising. It's your job you got to find money for the company to keep to keep hiring. But you know, so it's very important. I think the CEO takes it. It doesn't need to be more than the CEO, though it can be just the CEO on the investor call it doesn't have to be 2. It doesn't have to be the whole team. It can just be one person.
Chloe Lannert: So this week.
Chloe Lannert: How do you keep your Co founders off these calls? Because.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, that's fine. You can. I think that's great. I think it's cool that they want to meet more people from your team. You should. You should use that as like green light, like, okay, they like you. They want to meet the team. See how you guys
Chloe Lannert: react, respect each other, what everyone's skills bring to the table how you can all tag team answers, so I wouldn't push it back. But I think for the 1st meeting it has to be the CEO. And for the second meeting, 3rd meeting, it's probably going to be the team. And that's just like the healthy natural progression of these calls. Yeah, we'll also talk a bit more about the timeline of arrays and how you can condense
Chloe Lannert: 1st meeting, second meetings, build out a timeline for your raise. So the context switching isn't as severe. And if you're looking at like a stack of second meetings and are able to time things out right, it'll be like a couple of weeks where your team will be contact switching, and then they'll go back to whatever they were doing before, instead of months of like, oh, we need to prep for this meeting. Oh, we need to like prep for this like spending a day or 2 like totally out of their flow block where?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah? And if you do what we said this morning, the Question Bank, that all of your team should have access to hypothetical questions that could be asked, and everybody should really be up to date with stuff like you all have to. You know the CEO is responsible for like huge chunk of it. But
Chloe Lannert: questions can come from anywhere in any angle, and I've honestly I have friends who pitch to investors and like they've asked the CEO technical questions and the CTO like finance questions like just to switch things up. So it is important. You guys all have to have a pulse on the market like you have to know what's going on in the business. But that's what the question, Banks, amazing, because it's super easy. You have the Q. And A is there? I'm not saying memorize it, but have a good understanding where you feel like you confidently say something. And
Chloe Lannert: you know, have sort of agency over that.
Chloe Lannert: Yes, we're going to talk about this tomorrow. There's a template that I like to follow, and that we like to follow. And there are ways that like, you have to organize it via interest, level and stage and tag. You know, it's a way to hold. It's called your. You have to build an investor list. And that's what you share to like. People like
Chloe Lannert: our team to other advisors you have. And it has to be very long. Yeah, we can also send post you towards good resources to start that search. And later in program, we'll have a couple of alumni come back and show how they built that list, and how their raises went like literally, just like telling the story of their raise and what they wish they knew before.
Chloe Lannert: Cool. Alright, we'll talk more fundraising, though. Okay, back to the mentors.
Chloe Lannert: couple of reasons why people plug in the main thing is, obviously they want to help startups. They're typically later in their career and want to give back. The later can be
Chloe Lannert: sort of like 4 years ahead of you or like decades ahead of you. There's a good amount of variance in terms of perspective. People are bringing to the table. They want to pay that forward. They received help from their communities, whether it's techstars or something else. And they want to give back.
Chloe Lannert: They view you guys as the future. A lot of people are like, I'm really interested in seeing what's sort of next in innovation. I want to identify trends. I want to help companies like move through
Chloe Lannert: move through program, move through 1st raises, whatever that may be. But I also am really interested in staying engaged with with what's up and running.
Chloe Lannert: They find it energizing. Some people are just excited to hang around founder energy like, I always say, this is the best job in the world, because I get to hang out with founders. But, the energy is really intoxicating, and a lot of people don't necessarily have access to that in their day to day and being around people who are like, I'm going to eat. The world is exciting.
Chloe Lannert: And
Chloe Lannert: it yeah, it keeps people fresh up to date. They want to help. It's the whole like you donate volunteering. It's like, Yeah, I feel good about myself. It's a little bit of that, because they are donating your time. Their time. All of our none of our mentors are paid. They're all really, just here, because they want to be supportive.
Chloe Lannert: And then some do use mentoring as deal flow for angel investing or funds, but at their core they're there to mentor and be supportive. We can talk more about what that would look like a little bit later down the line. But many of our mentors have Angel invested. Many are in advisory roles of some sort in different companies staying involved past program and being supportive.
Chloe Lannert: So lots of different ways that these relationships can look. But it's all all good people.
Chloe Lannert: A side question here. So you mentioned Sign Nda?
Chloe Lannert: I assume they will sign some kind of thank you.
Chloe Lannert: No, we have a code of conduct. Which covers stuff at a high level. But
Chloe Lannert: if there's any like
Chloe Lannert: intensive, we haven't had any disclosure issues with mentors. But use common sense and reasonable judgment. Don't share all the gory details of your business on the intro call like. Don't don't like hand out your IP for no reason.
Chloe Lannert: it. Yeah. Common judgment.
Chloe Lannert: People are here to help
Chloe Lannert: if there's stuff that you don't want getting out, feel free to share that. But also the few times I've had founders come to me
Chloe Lannert: talking about something like incredibly proprietary, that they were very scared of telling me I had a founder tell me like Oh, I can't tell you about my new go to market like, well.
Chloe Lannert: Texas has some level of like information rights, and I'm legitimately concerned. You're doing something illegal. And and what they shared was like, not that deep
Chloe Lannert: like it's precede. It's like IP, typically, isn't that deep at this stage? Obviously take care of your IP and and your competitive advantage. But
Chloe Lannert: chances are like it's busy, you know.
Chloe Lannert: Think it needs to be about like over time. Found that
Chloe Lannert: again, similar to hey? If you can build it, what what we're trying to do faster and better than we are, we probably don't really deserve to exist. And then the second is like
Chloe Lannert: the real thing that I would say is like small companies don't have id
Chloe Lannert: if they don't. The reason we're gonna yeah, hey?
Chloe Lannert: Some crazy model or something. It just doesn't exist. So
Chloe Lannert: it's saying what you're doing or your secret sauce out loud puts you at risk.
Chloe Lannert: You're not good enough yet.
Chloe Lannert: like you're not strong enough just by literally saying it out loud. You're exposed in a in a way that would be detrimental or threat to your business. For the most part I would say 99. That's true. Every now and then there's like some especially. I haven't met one yet, at least, but like maybe. But you're probably not. So just know that you need to be strong enough. So by saying, what you do, well or different
Chloe Lannert: doesn't put you at risk. Yeah, yeah. And also, like, you have to realize, like, whatever you tell somebody, it's not like, they're really going to be able to build it. Like very few people are going to like. They're not going to quit their job tomorrow. They work at. I don't know Google. They're not going to quit tomorrow.
Chloe Lannert: Start an Llc look for a CTO like this is like that. Yeah, yeah, no, it's fair. I think they might, but it's unlikely, so I wouldn't worry about it too much, but, like Neil said, like you got to be more competitive than that.
Chloe Lannert: Absolutely. I guess. Like when I I can see where investors. If I guess the questions around like competitors and like investors off like I could see them not investing but for mentors. Is that like a certain, like a delineation between whether they can mentor at the same.
Chloe Lannert: Wait, Chris, what? What's your question? So I wanna make sure I hear it, I guess. Is there any worry about like mentors mentoring vendors in your space, or like altogether like or like? Okay, so that's a good. That's a good question. So this is true for investors, too. So I think it overlaps because we check portfolios. There might be some competitors. It's really important to have people acknowledge. If there's a conflict of interest.
Chloe Lannert: right? You ask for permission. Is it okay? Right like that that. I'm talking to them and you you they're if they're very clear with you about what they'll share or not. That's good. If it's not a big deal, because it's more high level, or like.
Chloe Lannert: you know, more trustworthy as far as your relationship. That's good. But every now and then the responsible investor will bow out, they'll say, look like it isn't actually appropriate for me to talk to you. Because yes, you're right. I like the information I have about this company that could overlap here, and I don't trust that that wouldn't intersect. So you all have to manage that.
Chloe Lannert: So you have to acknowledge and ask them about those potential conflicts of interest.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So along those same lines, I've heard that you're supposed to identify investors. And there's like, based on if they go after your same type of companies. But then, also, you don't want to go after investors who are investing in your competitors going after similar companies, but not your competitors. Yeah. So so there's a couple of nuances here. So one is. I have heard this. I haven't experienced it directly myself. I've heard sometimes, especially in the bay.
Chloe Lannert: Some people will reach out and want to meet you and hear your pitch and get your stuff and learn about you. And then, when the founder looks at the investor. They're already betting on somebody who's a direct competitor that has happened every now and then again I haven't experienced it, but I've heard about it.
Chloe Lannert: So watch out for that. That's important to watch out, for by and large, though
Chloe Lannert: I can founders tend to worry about that more than it's an actual problem. So all you need to do is just ask them point blank straight up, hey? I noticed in your portfolio you've got this company.
Chloe Lannert: I think this could be interpreted as a potential competitor of ours. Is there going to be a conflict of interest? Should we have this conversation, you know, or what? So just be make sure that you're managing and diligent about their background and who they're affiliated with to protect against those types. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, I'm I'm a good example of that I've I've invested in companies in similar spaces or industries that have overlap. What I tend to do is I'll check in with the founder before I make that investment like, if I think a previous investment of mine needs clearance before I make a move to bet on another business in the same space.
Chloe Lannert: I do. I don't know if everybody does that, but they should. I would say, just to add a little bit to that. I mean, you should just be looking at every investor you're talking to like. They mostly advertise almost all of their port codes.
Chloe Lannert: You should see like how direct competitive it is like you should be doing your homework. And like, be like, okay, this is actually exactly what we're building like. They're not going to want to talk. And, like, you know, anything. If it's adjacent, there could be some interest there, I'd say, like the more established ones like they're not going to place 2 bets on the same thing exactly
Chloe Lannert: like they could, you know, be industry focused like, oh, we're only doing prop tech. But like they won't do the exact same thing. But there's opportunities there that you know. All these companies could merge into the competitive stuff right? But I think, like Neil said, I wouldn't worry about that too much. But just do your homework right? Like research. The investors research the fund research their portfolio companies and make sure you're like thoughtful around ways that something could be competitive. But
Chloe Lannert: I wouldn't overthink that I've got one more thing here on the other side of it, which is like
Chloe Lannert: some of you. I kind of still want you to reach out to the ones who are invested in competitors, because you might learn something helpful.
Chloe Lannert: right? They might be willing to share. So I would do recon. Well, I'd be a bit more of a savage about you know what I'm saying like, like, Okay, like. Only because what we say on the investment side, if we're talking to a company, it might intersect with it and present a conflict of interest. The language that we'll use is
Chloe Lannert: only share what you're comfortable.
Chloe Lannert: So when you hear, you know that's reasonable, right? Just share what you're comfortable. You don't tell me everything. Don't tell me what you feel is would expose you, or put you at risk of a conflict with me. Just say what you're comfortable with. But then you get to ask some questions, too. I like that. So it's almost like you could flip it. I'm literally reaching out to people invested in my competitors, so I can get their reaction to my business.
Chloe Lannert: I'll only share what I'm comfortable with. But then I'll learn their insights and what they're concerned about, and what pattern they see with the company that they're already working, because maybe they're unhappy with the investment. Maybe it's not going well, maybe it's gonna go under.
Chloe Lannert: Make another bet.
Chloe Lannert: Something I've heard more happen in the bay. Actually, it's not that an investor will reach out to you to like sneakily, get info about your company, but that another founder will who's like building something similar. And they're like, Hey, like really interested in this space like we should catch up. And like secretly, they have some stealth company like, I don't mean someone who works at a company, I mean, like, you know, someone who's like secretly building something like the investors are a little bit more.
Chloe Lannert: It's like, maybe it can happen. But I think the founders are something to think about like there could be people who are building really similar products to you. And they just want to like Collab or jam out or learn about what you're doing, and see if you can work together. But really, they're kind of just picking your brain. So I'd I'd be wary of the founders as well to an extent
Chloe Lannert: yeah, on the like multiple horses in the same race. As far as I'm aware that, like whole idea is decreasing in popularity, it's more. But overall, it depends on the fund different funds will be different levels of transparent about whether they back multiple companies in the same space, doing the same thing. But again precede, everything changes so much that it's really hard to be like. Oh, this is reserved for this one Porto
Chloe Lannert: oops!
Chloe Lannert: But if you like, look at the crunch base. Look at the portfolio. You can see trends of like, are they investing in multiple companies in this space? Are they? Is everything pretty different, like you'll you'll be able to sort of draw conclusions from there.
Chloe Lannert: Cool. Cool. Okay? So yeah, getting into the any other questions before.
Chloe Lannert: think it's more.
Chloe Lannert: 6, 5, 6, 7.
Chloe Lannert: Thanks so much. And
Chloe Lannert: yeah, look, you should talk. Say, whatever you want, right? But I mean, be be aware that like don't dive too deep into any technical, you know any really niche like go to market strategies that you have any of this, any of that, like, you know, but I'd say, keep it broad. Keep it professional. Keep it friendly. Be encouraging. But like.
Chloe Lannert: I yeah, sorry. What do you think
Chloe Lannert: you're here? They're not. That's probably not the best way to think about it, but like I again, very little like real IP and
Chloe Lannert: your your position to to grow really fast right now, and
Chloe Lannert: you have more to gain from knowing them than not knowing them.
Chloe Lannert: And so long as you have confidence both in your ability to execute and in your differentiation, like
Chloe Lannert: gain. Intel, you know, build these relationships like IA lot of my founders. I am actively encouraged to befriend some of their competitors so long as they're good people, you know, like there's also cheap people that we don't like in the world, and we don't really fuck with, so I won't deal with them. But the people build a little community around that, because every now and then their business doesn't work out.
Chloe Lannert: Maybe they want to work with you. Maybe they want to send you their customer list. They want to give you some insight of a mistake that they made that they want to, you know whatever, and I'll tell you more this weekend during my story. But I dealt with this big time because I was actually a 1st mover. So I started the 1st coding school.
Chloe Lannert: There are a lot of other whole coding schools.
Chloe Lannert: I help many of those other coding schools get started because they all reach out to me and call me when I launch, so I can tell you more about it. But I I'm definitely more of a fan of being strong enough to endure competition.
Chloe Lannert: So I've been, I've been shameless about. It's like it's this will not be the same companies anyways, like. So.
Chloe Lannert: as far as I'm concerned, I'll I'll tell them the newest things we're trying and like
Chloe Lannert: mean, we can't actually back that up
Chloe Lannert: with raw execution and speed like we're not gonna make it anyways like, regardless of whether this small company or not. It's most likely going to be a bigger company is, we all know, like you have access to the training routines.
Chloe Lannert: Right? But you ain't Michael Jordan. You know what I mean, like, there's some like there's something else going on than just what I do that makes me
Chloe Lannert: so just keep that in mind as you as you practice and train. I would also say that like a rising time.
Chloe Lannert: It's to me the-the- there's 2 things. One is
Chloe Lannert: share what you're comfortable sharing means. You're clear on what you're comfortable sharing. You know what you want to share, and you're not falling into
Chloe Lannert: thinking after the fact. Oh, I said that I didn't kind of want to share that. And that's so. It's just the importance of preparation and of knowing your story, what you want to share. So that's 1 thing.
Chloe Lannert: The other thing is, being kind of
Chloe Lannert: trying to take every opportunity. We we share too much, generally speaking, not too much in the sense that you're sharing trade secrets, but too much in terms of
Chloe Lannert: way too much for what people can absorb, and so kind of just just like being super succinct, etc. That's that's that's great and learning stuff.
Chloe Lannert: And the last thing I would say is.
Chloe Lannert: there are. There are people who are really good at extracting information, and just kind of
Chloe Lannert: be mindful of that. Know that you don't know everything, and that that you you might get kind of. So so be be just become good enough to
Chloe Lannert: know when when it happens that it's kind of what's going on, and and the
Chloe Lannert: and be be be prepared. So it's all about like, be prepared but you should absolutely meet with everyone. You're not going to share anything you're you're unwilling to share.
Chloe Lannert: What's the what's the? There's no problem you are.
Chloe Lannert: If you're not building something hard enough then maybe that's another like, you know.
Chloe Lannert: That's the way I see it. Like those white papers are out. All those things have been out for a long time. These things are hard. And so like, yeah, execution matter.
Chloe Lannert: Right?
Chloe Lannert: Okay, give this effect.
Chloe Lannert: so this idea is that if you create value for others. It's it's just an extension of the snowball effect. It creates pathways for people to create value back great leaders and successful individuals sort of paint the canvas for others in terms of helping others, succeed without immediate personal gain. One of the benefits of techstars is that alumni are able to do this for you and mentors are able to do this, they're able to open up doors and support you.
Chloe Lannert: And the way that you guys can keep carrying this on is by being of service. 1st give 1st laying the foundation for others by continuing to come back and keep that flywheel going and earning influence and trust, and increasing the strength of the network by continuing to be a good member of it.
Chloe Lannert: In terms of the long term payoff it might take some more front end work to get integrated and to
Chloe Lannert: build out and support others first.st But the the value, the value will come, it's just being a good community. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Also giving people ownership of small parts of your journey. Again, super important people really appreciate that.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, that's great definitely paint the canvas for others. I think that's a really nice way to think about it. Yeah, yeah, okay.
Chloe Lannert: in terms of building your network. Who is on your hit list right now?
Chloe Lannert: So I want you guys to be thinking about skills that you don't have
Chloe Lannert: that you want to know someone who has those skills and is willing to help you out
Chloe Lannert: cheerleaders. This is like the Startup 9, 1 1 who can you call when when things are going south. And you really need, like a shoulder to lean on the team is, of course, happy to be here for you. The tech stars team. But if you need other people, in your industry, whatever that may be.
Chloe Lannert: 3 industry people who is gonna help open the door for customer conversations. Who's gonna help get you into conferences? Who's gonna help, you understand? To go to market motions at the businesses you're targeting
Chloe Lannert: a challenger or an antagonist. This is kind of personal preference. Some people like different mentorship styles, but a lot of people do kind of want to be poked and challenged on their assumptions. If that's your style. And you want someone who's gonna kind of interrogate everything you're doing, find that person who's willing to sit down poke holes and help you
Chloe Lannert: dig in to be to be better
Chloe Lannert: someone who's in the trenches with you, willing to get their hands dirty, dive in really be supportive if someone like reviewing your deck the night before a meeting, whatever that may be, someone who's really like on call, ready to get their hands dirty.
Chloe Lannert: And then this little picture here. Neil, has some great stories about this, but super connectors within different niches and cities, whatever that may be. There are some like in every ecosystem, but especially in San Francisco. There's some really cool people who, will open doors to other groups. So thinking about who that might be in your specific industry. And trying to find those people. Neil, do you want to tell your 22 city story.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, sorry. I forgot if that was a recording or live. But yeah, oh, yeah, yeah, no, no, I didn't. I don't think I told it live in this group? I think it was at dinner. So
Chloe Lannert: put simply, when I go, I did like a road show of like 22 different cities when I 1st started at techstars, and I like discovered something, Brad, which is really cool. At 1st I thought I was like, let me just meet companies, I found that were cool. I tried to find whatever. What I realized is that there's a few people in every city
Chloe Lannert: that know a disproportionate number of people that are relevant to you, or that to me at the time. So if you find that person who happens to be connected to a lot of the people that you want to connect with, and you invest in that relationship deeply.
Chloe Lannert: They'll line up all of the other connections. So it's like a gateway like the one person becomes the note. So given your respective industries and spaces, there's someone, probably in San Francisco that knows that this report number of the people that you want to get in touch with
Chloe Lannert: find that person become their friend, get connected to them. And all of a sudden the floodgates open.
Chloe Lannert: So that's a very like kind of subtle but efficient way to target the right kind of people to spend the right kind of time rather than kind of like casting too wide of the net, spreading yourself too thin and not load, balancing the other priorities you have in your business.
Chloe Lannert: That's great. There's a newsletter I posted in the campfire yesterday, called Sf. Irl. If you haven't seen it, I'd really recommend
Chloe Lannert: signing up for it and finding it. It's 1 of the best resources to find, like in person events in San Francisco. And as you'll see, several people are gonna be at the same stuff. There's gonna be people who are constantly hosting. You're gonna meet like some pretty great people. When I 1st moved here, I literally went to an sfirl event
Chloe Lannert: like every day, and I didn't. I didn't know a lot of people, and I was just like whatever like 5 to 7. Let's go and I would recommend doing that like. It's it's these kind of in person. Happy hours, panels networking, whatever like. It's a it's worth it. It's really cool to connect with other founders, and, like like Neil said, You'll you'll come upon some some people who are super connectors, I think, through organic
Chloe Lannert: kind of events like this.
Chloe Lannert: Alright, so
Chloe Lannert: we'll talk more about this in the context of raising. But this is true across the board. Who makes your introductions matters so really focus a lot of energy and cultivating people, cultivating relationships with these super connectors, because their introductions will be better than an intro coming through another person like the connector matters how close
Chloe Lannert: this is laid out in a deck that will explain this better. But it's important that
Chloe Lannert: intros come through the right person. So really invest in those relationships. Most people don't care how well you know someone.
Chloe Lannert: They only care if they know the connector.
Chloe Lannert: So like, let me see if I can.
Chloe Lannert: So if I'm introducing a founder to a mentor, they don't care that much like.
Chloe Lannert: So I think what Chloe is trying to say is like, if I'm gonna introduce, like, I don't know someone to yeah like a mentor in the ecosystem. I don't think the mentor is like incredibly concerned how I know the founder, but more than it's like relevant for for her
Chloe Lannert: kind of you know, industry whatever and that like. It's the gesture that I did want to make that introduction. I think it's like, and there's always it's totally fine. If you are in the position to introduce to you know, let them give the mentor a heads up like Hey, or the other person like look I I never worked with them right. I don't know them incredibly well, but I. They are in my network, and I had a really pleasant interaction with them, and, you know, happy to introduce you to feel like it'd be helpful. So I think I think that's I think it's important to to know that. And I think
Chloe Lannert: to be open to making intros for other people. It's usually pretty low weight thing.
Chloe Lannert: Alright.
Chloe Lannert: So thinking about how companies make their buying decisions is really important here. So a lot of times.
Chloe Lannert: companies when they're considering what software they're using, whatever that may be. They're looking at their peers in terms of, like other companies in similar spaces, more innovative companies in their space. Really paying attention to who is
Chloe Lannert: gonna be your champion, and how people are getting their information, how people are identifying trends within their industries. Whoever is in charge of purchasing. That's a really great way to sort of make a pathway up through smaller, more innovative, more agile companies tend to larger incumbents in different spaces.
Chloe Lannert: We stop landing
Chloe Lannert: cool. Okay, and and finding not only innovators within different industries but innovators within companies. We want to find the person who's willing to make a bet on you. Willing to put a little bit of skin in the game, and believes that you'll be able to make an impact, they'll be able to open doors into back end processes a bit more. Help, you understand? The industry and the sales process. Those people are gonna be really, really high value.
Chloe Lannert: another ask, alright. So we've got the 3 super outsized impact people that we're hunting down in terms of prospects
Chloe Lannert: we also want, like the green customer list.
Chloe Lannert: just as an exercise for you guys thinking about exactly who you're targeting. Like, once we get through jobs. We're gonna get into this in more detail. But something to keep in mind
Chloe Lannert: really be aware of, like who you're targeting in terms of customers, whether it's companies, profiles, whatever that may be. And keeping them in mind as you move through the rest of program. Once you're you're solid on your immediate niche post jobs to be done is gonna be that like having that list being aware of it. Having it in the back of your mind will be really, really helpful as you continue to move through and meet people network, whatever that may be.
Chloe Lannert: You'll be able to identify intro pathways much more easily. Yeah. And to add to that, like for b 2 b companies. What I've seen is like, you just want to make sale. You just want to get that initial traction within kind of the customers that you want to work with
Chloe Lannert: and how you get there is like sometimes a little varied, or something, especially in the early days, like sometimes it's the company you used to work at that you're selling into sometimes. It's
Chloe Lannert: I don't know your cousins, brothers, friends, you know, company that you'd like got connected to. And sometimes it is someone like through this network. But by doing this exercise you're able to like, refine who you want to continue to sell to and making sure that you also have in the back of your mind, like sorry if I want to sell to. I don't know. Mcdonald's.
Chloe Lannert: Someone will know someone who has an intro there like, you know, you have to be really aware of that, like there's the you will get there eventually with the right amount of people and the specific type of people, and being really narrow about your kind of networking strategy and top customer list, like Chloe said, to build it like you will get there, so have faith in that, and then, like, do all the steps you can to get the right intros.
Chloe Lannert: Absolutely. So B to C, just gonna touch on this for the sake of contrast.
Chloe Lannert: it's still people like b 2 B+B 2 c, you're still selling to people. You can identify different channel partnerships and different distribution avenues. But just pausing on this to remind you that you're selling to an individual within an organization. Their considerations may be different. The functional and emotional might sit in different
Chloe Lannert: sort of percentages in terms of motivation. But never forget that this is a person you're selling to and their their time, their job security whatever. There are a lot of more personal considerations that are gonna play into their buying decisions.
Chloe Lannert: All right.
Chloe Lannert: 3 introductions that can make an exponential difference in your company.
Chloe Lannert: I'm also gonna ask, as you get into techstars, universe, check through the mentor page, we're gonna get a little bit deeper into what this is gonna look like later on. But as we get past mentor madness and into program, we're going to be firing off a bunch of intros. We call it ad hoc mentorship. But sending, casting a really wide net to get you connected with people all over the world from techstars.
Chloe Lannert: keeping in mind your goals and like the biggest challenges you're facing throughout all of this like, where do you need help? It's not just to meet people. The more tactical these are, the better it's gonna land.
Chloe Lannert: we'll talk more about investor list tomorrow. And
Chloe Lannert: yeah, yeah, can I? Can. I ask a question to the group actually like, I think you should definitely make all these lists we talked about right like who your top 100 customers are, etc, but was wondering if anyone wants to share like, and it doesn't have to be super thought out, but like who? What are some intro introductions that you feel like could really make a huge difference to your business today. It could be, could be, really anyone. But just wanted to see like.
Chloe Lannert: what what do you guys, where are you guys in the thought process? Yeah, for us, one
Chloe Lannert: network of schools network experience, the hanks
Chloe Lannert: would be ideal. So there's like, Hold on, that's great.
Chloe Lannert: And for us it's probably a champion who loves their own voice.
Chloe Lannert: Champion is really loud on Linkedin.
Chloe Lannert: Want to talk about in what situation, what champion. In what context a customer, a customer who loves the product and tell me more, tell me more like a data strategist, consultant, or like at a hedge fund right now, or any team data strategy at a hedge fund. Okay, now, it's clicking. Okay, got it all right, because the way you guys talk, and the way a lot of people talk is as if we already know.
Chloe Lannert: like the context of what kind of customer you want, which is true, like, I knew that I filled in the gaps. But I think you should always practice saying it in a way that reminds people
Chloe Lannert: who exactly you're talking make sense. Good.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, someone with connections to A to diagnostic labs, okay?
Chloe Lannert: Or the and any type of diagnostic labs during the imaging cool. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: They're close.
Chloe Lannert: I've got 2 specific people. Actually, my hit list. One of them's from our company here of engineering.
Chloe Lannert: Another guy is a guy called Rupert Walker. He's like, Vp at adobe.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, those are the 2 people.
Chloe Lannert: Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: And very specific
Chloe Lannert: persons like founders or managing attorneys that small offers, particularly those that are doing corporate law, business, law or lifestyle.
Chloe Lannert: They understand. They know the difference.
Chloe Lannert: Great way.
Chloe Lannert: So like, what kind of like, where would they have worked? Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, cool.
Chloe Lannert: So, okay, are-, are they a salesperson like recording this or something? Or are, they
Chloe Lannert: will probably be more product in time.
Chloe Lannert: But at the same point like, that's 1 side, the other side.
Chloe Lannert: We could get more connections to like
Chloe Lannert: in the Us specifically, or that they have like really large automotive groups. Or like. Think you also bring up a good place?
Chloe Lannert: That's great. That's what we love to see. Thank you. You brought up a good point, too, that there's multiple
Chloe Lannert: groups of customers that you could want to meet, or you know, multiple pathways, right? Whether it could be you know, directly to the you know the company you want to sell in the same industry, someone who's building a network right? Someone who's a voice. Only like, I think there's a lot of cool, creative approaches to getting there, which I've noticed by kind of the variance of of
Chloe Lannert: of the answers. So it's definitely, I think you should, you know. Think about also bucketing it right in different different buckets of customers and ways to your customer. That you guys are all thinking about. But I love
Chloe Lannert: that you guys were sharing with each other and even pushing back and asking, you know specifically who right salesperson this and that. And you should be doing that all the time together. Try. And yeah, is this the last slide? Yeah, okay. So I just don't want to say something that you're about to say, but I do have a quick thing to add. So
Chloe Lannert: how many of you will already have a hit list of dream connections that you want?
Chloe Lannert: Who's got that list?
Chloe Lannert: 3. Okay, a few people. Alright good. So what I would say is like the energy that you should carry all of you is that no one is safe
Chloe Lannert: from me, from you, meaning like I'm gonna find you like, I'm gonna network with you. You're gonna hear from me like I don't leave it up a chance. I don't want like techsars isn't gonna do it for me. Maybe Texas can help open doors or whatever, but like
Chloe Lannert: it's your business like. If this is. If these people are the gatekeepers to your progress.
Chloe Lannert: then they're gonna hear from you. They're gonna know who you are, book or crook, no matter what you do, everything in your power to get connected to these people. If they hold the keys to your your progress like unstoppable, I'll give you a quick example. I've alluded that I'm connected to Base camp.
Chloe Lannert: You think it was a mistake that I met Jason free? No, okay. I wanted to meet this guy, so I found a way to do it. I did everything I need. I can detail that later. But, like, read the books, read the blogs, saw your post, saw what you're interested in. I know where your office is like. I know what's up, and eventually we are going to intersect, and when we do I'm I'm ready. I got the book in my backpack. Please sign it and let's talk. Give me your email.
Chloe Lannert: So you all have to like almost like again, surgically define the progress that you want to see and do everything in your power to make that so, and leverage all of the resources available to you to get there. Yeah. And you guys are all hustlers like, I know, you can do this. I know you can find. I know you can find all these people
Chloe Lannert: absolutely.
Chloe Lannert: Any other questions comments before we get into some little little hacky stuff.
Chloe Lannert: Let's let's act. Are you all familiar with magic links on Linkedin.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, we don't know about the magic leads.
Chloe Lannert: Good. We got the magic.
Chloe Lannert: okay, we're short on time. So I'm not gonna like play the video, but I'll post it on basecamp. It's like a 4 min tutorial. And essentially what it is is. There's a way to filter out
Chloe Lannert: connections. So say you want to meet someone can like
Chloe Lannert: you want to meet someone at perplexity. In this role in San Francisco, whatever that may be. There's a way where you can filter, save those settings.
Chloe Lannert: get a link and make it so you send it out, and anyone who clicks the link can see anyone there's they're connected to who fits that profile and then decide if they want to intro you. So those are really good to include in your investor updates
Chloe Lannert: as a way to cast a wide net and be like, Hey, are you comfortable? Introducing me to this person? This person, this person. I will post the tutorial so you can like go through it and like, look at it in more detail after. But that's great. Can you can, you? Actually, I don't know if this is already done, Chloe. But maybe let's commit to like assigning everyone to do the look at that video that'd be really good. Because, does anybody know what we're talking about?
Chloe Lannert: You might know, okay, this is great. So you all know what we're talking about this. So think about like this. You know how usually someone and they might know somebody that would be helpful to you instead, you don't have to leave it up a chance. You go, hey, click this link.
Chloe Lannert: It opens up their linkedin opens up my Linkedin, and it literally scans these 8,000 connections I have on there, and it spits out a list of the people that fit the criteria that you specified, for that link was generated. So all of a sudden, everybody
Chloe Lannert: those who are actually connected to, and they help you right away. And there's no Rolodex. Let me search. Let me think to those people if you want, right?
Chloe Lannert: So we teach every class this same trick, and it all that people know about it. But it's super awesome. So watch the video, and we'll show you how to do it. It's great.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: okay. It's literally 1 min. I thought it was longer. So we're just gonna I think everyone's interested.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, you'd better deliver.
Chloe Lannert: So that's Brad. That's that's my boy, Brad.
Chloe Lannert: What are you trying to do, Chloe?
Chloe Lannert: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: okay, while while this happens
Chloe Lannert: another like little Linkedin hack.
Chloe Lannert: people care way more than they should about university affinity groups. So if you're thinking about things that bring people together, big ones are companies that people used to work at. So like if you're if you're ex paying whatever whatever that may be, ex Google, people. If they had a good experience at that workplace. People will care, and you'll be able to reach out and access them more easily. Another bizarrely enormous.
Chloe Lannert: enormous, like one of the strongest affinity groups you can. Leverage is universities. Especially in the Us. People care about alumni from their colleges. If you get a note from some kid who went to your school, and they're like, Oh, I'm excited about tech. I want to learn about what you're doing. Like chances are you'll respond to that Linkedin message right? And you'll take a 20 min. Call with them, and you'll just see how they're up to try to support them. That energy continues. And you can use these magic links to filter by
Chloe Lannert: by university affiliation. And like, start your search with people who went to your school, and it makes it that much easier to reach out to people. So another
Chloe Lannert: big thing like leverage all the schools that everyone in your company went to. If you have multiple degrees, lean into that.
Chloe Lannert: And
Chloe Lannert: yeah, it's just a nice way to get the conversation started. So I'll give you an example. Northwestern University's business school. Whatever
Chloe Lannert: the people who have gone to the school are like executives and lots of the fortune, 5 companies, things like that. So somebody I know who's also has a business where he's interested in meeting these people reaches out to talk about his class and like having to speak at. It
Chloe Lannert: happens to also share what he's up to. All of a sudden he's got Legion while also doing an actual kind of service. So kind of a double dip, and there's a lot of ways. So find founders are crafty and inventive, and you all have full license to do as much as you can to leverage the connection
Chloe Lannert: to make that progress. I want you all to do this because I think it only helps your business, and it helps us to.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, okay, we're gonna watch the same.
Chloe Lannert: Hey? Just figured I'd make a video for you to make this a little bit easier and do a walkthrough. So 1st thing you're gonna wanna do is go to the search bar here and just hit enter
Chloe Lannert: from there. You're gonna go to people.
Chloe Lannert: And what you're gonna want to do is current company. So let's just say for let's use leak. Swipe is the example. Let's say, draft kings.
Chloe Lannert: We add draft kings, and we can do fanduel.
Chloe Lannert: And then what you're gonna also wanna do is
Chloe Lannert: 1st connection here. So you'll hit show results.
Chloe Lannert: I have 3 connections, but many times when you run this you'll have none. But what you'll want to do is just go copy the URL,
Chloe Lannert: and then make that a hyperlink in your email. So you can send that out to other people. And then when they click on that link, it will run that query against their connection so hopefully, that's helpful.
Chloe Lannert: cool, awesome.
Chloe Lannert: So we'll post that tutorial so you can listen in a little bit more
Chloe Lannert: is, I'll take a screenshot, or I'll I'll send you a list of all the people that that matches with if you send me that, and I'll tell you who among them actually but for founders especially, I have this system to you guys.
Chloe Lannert: I if there's no one else just connected to them that you know, or that you don't have another way. I'll still try.
Chloe Lannert: like if I'm planning this out.
Chloe Lannert: But if there's no other way through the region we'll work together to get a hold of you.
Chloe Lannert: but that means that they tried to connect me.
Chloe Lannert: Cool.
Chloe Lannert: awesome, good stuff. Alright. So you're out of here, or cool we'll see you guys back at.